Run 'python run_draft_helper.py'
Enter Option 2 - Mark Drafted Player
Type 'Hunt' in the search, then select Kareem Hunt from the options. At this point, go make sure Kareem Hunt was marked as drafted=1 in players.csv.
Type 'exit' in the search bar. It should go back to the main menu.
Select Option 3 - 'Trade Analysis'.
The Trade recommendations should appear, showing an accurate point assessment for all players on the roster. There should be at least 1 trade recommendation, suggestiong trading out Brian Robinson Jr. for somebody. Ensure that Kareem Hunt is NOT one of the options to trade Robinson for.
Hit Enter and go back to the main menu.
Select Option 4 - Drop Player Mode
Type Hunt in the search bar, and Select Kareem Hunt in the results. Type 'y' to confirm the drop. Ensure that Kareem Hunt is then set to drafted=0.
Type Hampton in the search bar, and select Omarion Hampton from the results. Type 'y' to confirm the drop. Ensure that Omarion Hampton has had his data set to drafted=0 instead of drafted=2.
Type exit and go back to the main menu.
Select Option 1 - 'Add to Roster'
Ensure that the result output is reporting accurate point values for each player. Omarion Hampton should be the #1 recommendation. Select Omation Hampton from the options. Ensure that Omarion Hampton then appears in the Roster in the Main menu
Select Option 5 - Lock/Unlock Player 
Select Brian Robinson Jr. from the displayed list. Type 'y' to confirm. Type 16 and go back to the main menu. Ensure that Brian Robinson Jr. has had his locked data set to 1 in players.csv 
Select Option 3 - 'Trade Analysis'.
Ensure that Brian Robinson is no longer recommended to be traded out. Then hit enter to go back to the main menu.
Select Option 5 - Lock/Unlock Player 
Select Brian Robinson Jr. from the displayed list. Type 'y' to confirm. Type 16 and go back to the main menu. Ensure that Brian Robinson Jr. has had his locked data set to 0 in players.csv 
Select Option 6 - Starter Helper 
Ensure that the starter recommendations appear without errors and with accurate points assigned to each player
Hit Enter and go back to the main menu
Select Option 7 and exit the draft helper