Flesh out the team defense rankings in teams.csv to have position-specific rankings in addition to the overall rankings.
Columns would be like 'def_vs_qb_rank'. A 1 would mean they are the best ranked defense against QBs, and higher numbers mean worse at defending against QB
There would be columns for QB, RB, WR, TE, and K
The matchup scoring would be updated to make use of these new columns for each position. DEF would still use overall DEF vs overall Offense rankings
A new 'strength of schedule' multiplier would be implemented for the score_player method. This would be in the exact same format as the existing multipliers like ADP and Player Rating and make use of the same helper functions.
The 'strength of schedule' multiplier would look ahead at the future games that a player will be in, and find the average ranking amongst the team defense rankings at their position. This average would determine what multiplier they would get. If they are going to be facing a lot of teams that are poor against their position, then they will get an increased multiplier. If they are going to be facing a lot of tough teams, then they recieve a decreasing multiplier
This new multiplier will be used by the Add to Roster mode and all of the Trade modes.
A new file will be made that has the entire season's schedule showing who is facing who every week. Move the 'opponent' column out of the teams.csv file and start making use of this new season_schedule.csv file instead.
Investigate the ESPN API for the positional defense data and update the player_data_fetcher to also get the latest team defense rankings.

Order should be:
Investigate the ESPN API for where to get the defense data, and if we can get the full league schedule from it as well.
Update the player data fetcher to get the defense data and store it in teams.csv, and to no longer be storing 'opponent' in teams.csv
Create a new script alongside the player_data_fetcher called schedule_data_fetcher. This one will be responsible for getting the schedule data and creating season_schedule.csv 
Update the League Helper's team data managers to no longer pull the opponent information from teams.csv - instead it will fetch it from the new season_schedule.csv file 
Create a SeasonScheduleManager class that is in charge of reading in the season_schedule.csv file and contains helper methods used to interact with the data 
Add a SCHEDULE_SCORING parameter that contains multiplier, weight, and threshold information in the same form as other multiplier based scoring methods
The score_player method will be updated to include a new flag called 'schedule' in its function definition. A new schedule multiplier will be implemented in the exact same way as other multipliers like adp and player rating and make use of all the same helper methods.
When determining what value to assign a player for the schedule scoring, the script should cross reference the teams.csv data and season_schedule.csv data. It should look ahead at all future weeks and determine how hard/easy the future matches will be depending on what the rank of the team they are facing is based on the player's position
The simulation should be updated to simulate different parameter values for weight and steps in the same way as other multiplier scoring values like adp and player rating